Conditional Statements and Control Flow
Objective: To reinforce understanding of conditional statements and control flow in Java.

Task: In this assignment, you will create a Java program that focuses on using conditional statements (if-else) to determine whether a given number is even or odd. The program should take user input and provide the result. This assignment is designed to strengthen your grasp of conditional statements and control flow in Java.

Instructions:

Create a Java Class: Write a Java class with the following structure:

java
Copy code
import java.util.Scanner;

public class EvenOddChecker {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        // Your code goes here
    }
}
User Input: Inside the main method, use the Scanner class to take user input. Prompt the user to enter an integer number.

Conditional Check: Implement the logic to check if the entered number is even or odd using if-else statements. You can use the modulo operator (%) to determine whether a number is divisible by 2.

Display Result: Print a user-friendly message to the console indicating whether the entered number is even or odd.

Compile and Run: Compile your Java program and execute it. Test the program by entering different numbers to verify that it correctly identifies even and odd numbers.

Submission: Submit your Java source code (the .java file) along with any comments or observations about your experience.

Evaluation Criteria:

Your assignment will be evaluated based on the following criteria:

User Input: The program should successfully take user input for an integer number.

Conditional Statements: The logic to check whether the number is even or odd should be implemented using if-else statements.

Output: The program should display a clear and accurate message indicating whether the entered number is even or odd.

Code Quality: The code should be well-organized and follow Java naming conventions. Use meaningful variable names and proper indentation.

Execution: The program should execute without errors and provide the correct results for different input numbers.

Submission: The assignment should be submitted with all required files, and any relevant comments or observations should be included.