Hello World in Java
Objective: To introduce students to Java syntax and basic program structure.

Task: In this assignment, you will create a simple Java program that prints "Hello, World!" to the console. This assignment aims to familiarize you with the basic structure of a Java program and the process of compiling and running Java code.

Instructions:

Set Up Development Environment: Ensure you have a Java development environment set up on your computer. You can use popular integrated development environments (IDEs) like Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA, or simply compile and run Java code using the command line.

Create a Java Class: Write a Java class with the following characteristics:

The class should have a main method with the following signature:
java
Copy code
public static void main(String[] args) {
    // Your code goes here
}
Inside the main method, write the code to print "Hello, World!" to the console. You can use the System.out.println method for this purpose.
Compile and Run: Save your Java file with a .java extension (e.g., HelloWorld.java). Open your command prompt or terminal and navigate to the directory where your Java file is located. Compile your program using the javac command:

Copy code
javac HelloWorld.java
If there are no syntax errors, this will generate a .class file.

Execute the Program: Run your Java program using the java command:

Copy code
java HelloWorld
You should see "Hello, World!" printed to the console.

Submission: Submit your Java source code (the .java file) along with any relevant notes or comments about your experience.

Evaluation Criteria:

Your assignment will be evaluated based on the following criteria:

Correctness: The program should compile and run without errors, and it should display "Hello, World!" as expected.

Code Quality: The code should be well-structured and easy to read. Proper indentation and meaningful variable/class names are encouraged.

Execution: The program should execute without issues, and the output should match the specified "Hello, World!" message.

Submission: The assignment should be submitted with all required files and notes about your experience.